In December 2012, I participated in the development of a Student Bill of Rights. In it, a group of 12 scholars defined what we believed to be inalienable rights for students in the digital age. We postulated financial transparency for the students as a basic right. 

Even though we at Udacity knew we might be subjected to intense criticism and debate, we opened up access to the budget of our new degree, and we are committed to publishing actual financials as this degree is being rolled out. The OMS CS is truly a moon shot, and much of what we project are speculations at this point. But if this model stands, it could serve as a blueprint for making higher education more accessible in the 21st century.


Consistently amazing. First Thrun led Stanford and Google's efforts to build a self-driving car. Now he's leading efforts to revolutionize education. And what he writes it's so logical and well thought. 

And if that's not enough, he's also an incredible teacher. His Programming a Robotic Car class was one of the 5 best MOOC's that I've seen so far.



http://blog.udacity.com/2013/06/sebastian-thrun-thoughts-and-financial.html


On the Sunday-morning talk shows I watched, there weren’t many voices saying that would be an excessive punishment for someone who has performed an invaluable public service. And the person who did aggressively defend Snowden’s actions, Glenn Greenwald, the Guardian blogger who was one of the reporters to break the story, found himself under attack. After suggesting that Greenwald had “aided and abetted” Snowden, David Gregory, the host of NBC’s “Meet the Press,” asked, “Why shouldn’t you, Mr. Greenwald, be charged with a crime?”


When I read stories like this I understand a with a little more salience how much pressure is brought to bear on journalists. Maybe because I worked with lawyers from Watchtell its easy for me to imagine the path Greenwald could have taken and how much easier that would be. He was a litigator at Wachtell ... that's the best of best. So behind door #1 is a huge salary and comfortable job with all the perks that come with it. Behind door #2 is having David Gregory ask why you shouldn't be charged with a crime. Door #1 is a much easier path. My hunch is that Greenwald is better positioned than your typical journalist to withstand the pressure. He probably has some savings from his years as a litigator and with his expertise in constitutional law he doesn't need outside counsel to understand the legal risk he's facing. For other journalists though I imagine this would be gut wrenching.


http://www.newyorker.com/online/blogs/johncassidy/2013/06/demonizing-edward-snowden-which-side-are-you-on.html#entry-more